When running the artifact,
we can also add in flags to change
the default setting like we did in our application to our properties store file.
Let's try it. So the example I'm doing right now is to
change a server port number to 8090 instead of 8080.
So it is pretty easy that we're running to
send snapshot as before and we are adding a flag over here.
We're running the application,
and as you can see that right now,
the application is running on port 8090 right now.
We could also do to adding to trace to our snapshot.
So instead of adding one flag,
we can actually add in more flags with the command line.
As you can see, in addition to changing the port number,
I'm also adding to trace to the application.
So if you have multiple things,
you can just add it up to our command line to change to default setting.